Add support for scaling based on Nakadi (#636)
zalando-incubator/kube-metrics-adapter: README.md

metric label definitions. If both annotations and corresponding label is
defined, then the annotation takes precedence.

## Nakadi collector

The Nakadi collector allows scaling based on [Nakadi](https://nakadi.io/)
`consumer_lag_seconds` or `unconsumed_events`.

```yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling/v2
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: myapp-hpa
  annotations:
    metric-config.external.nakadi-consumer.nakadi/interval: "60s" # optional
spec:
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    name: custom-metrics-consumer
  minReplicas: 0
  maxReplicas: 8 # should match number of partitions for the event type
  metrics:
  - type: External
    external:
      metric:
          name: nakadi-consumer
          selector:
            matchLabels:
              type: nakadi

>               subscription-id: "708095f6-cece-4d02-840e-ee488d710b29"

Reviewer: I think subscription is uniquely identified by the `owning_application`, `event_types` and `consumer_group` https://nakadi.io/manual.html#creating-subscriptions so maybe this metric handler could also support these three fields and figure out subscription id by listing subscriptions https://nakadi.io/manual.html#getting-and-listing-subscriptions

This could be handy to define the same logical subscription (same `owning_application`, `event_types` and `consumer_group`) in staging and production environments

metric label definitions. If both annotations and corresponding label is
defined, then the annotation takes precedence.

## Nakadi collector

The Nakadi collector allows scaling based on [Nakadi](https://nakadi.io/)

> `consumer_lag_seconds` or `unconsumed_events`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Subscription API stats metric as `consumer_lag_seconds` or `unconsumed_events`.
```

### Supported metrics

> | Metric Type | Description | Type | K8s Versions |

Reviewer 2: | Metric Type            | Description                                                                 | Type     | K8s Versions |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------|
| `unconsumed-events`    | Scale based on number of unconsumed events for a Nakadi subscription        | External | `>=1.24`     |
| `consumer-lag-seconds` | Scale based on number of max consumer lag seconds for a Nakadi subscription | External | `>=1.24`     |

aligned table :)

> | Metric Type | Description | Type | K8s Versions |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Metric Type            | Description                                                                 | Type     | K8s Versions |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|--------------|
| `unconsumed-events`    | Scale based on number of unconsumed events for a Nakadi subscription        | External | `>=1.24`     |
| `consumer-lag-seconds` | Scale based on number of max consumer lag seconds for a Nakadi subscription | External | `>=1.24`     |
```

Reviewer 2: aligned table looks always better :)

| ------------ | ------- | -- | -- |

> | `unconsumed-events` | Scale based on number of unconsumed events for a Nakadi subscription | External | `>=1.24` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `unconsumed-events` | Scale based on number of unconsumed events for a Nakadi Subscription | External | `>=1.24` |
```

| `consumer-lag-seconds` | Scale based on number of max consumer lag seconds for a Nakadi subscription | External | `>=1.24` |

```yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling/v2
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: myapp-hpa
  annotations:
    # metric-config.<metricType>.<metricName>.<collectorType>/<configKey>
    metric-config.external.my-nakadi-consumer.nakadi/interval: "60s" # optional
spec:
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    name: custom-metrics-consumer
  minReplicas: 0

>   maxReplicas: 8 # should match number of partitions for the event type

Reviewer 2: maybe we can improve it in the future that autoscaler does that on its own. it is possible to know number of partitions for Subscription

  metrics:
  - type: External
    external:
      metric:
          name: my-nakadi-consumer
          selector:
            matchLabels:
              type: nakadi
              subscription-id: "708095f6-cece-4d02-840e-ee488d710b29"
              metric-type: "consumer-lag-seconds|unconsumed-events"
      target:
        # value is compatible with the consumer-lag-seconds metric type.
        # It describes the amount of consumer lag in seconds before scaling
        # additionally up.
        # if an event-type has multiple partitions the value of
        # consumer-lag-seconds is the max of all the partitions.
        value: "600" # 10m
        # averageValue is compatible with unconsumed-events metric type.

>         # This means for every 30 unconsumed events a pod is scaled up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # This means for every 30 unconsumed events an additional pod is added.
```

        # unconsumed-events is the sum of of unconsumed_events over all
        # partitions.
        averageValue: "30"
        type: AverageValue
```

The `subscription-id` is the ID of the relevant consumer subscription. The
`metric-type` indicates whether to scale on `consumer-lag-seconds` or
`unconsumed-events` as outlined below.

`unconsumed-events` - is the total number of unconsumed events over all
partitions. When using this `metric-type` you should also use the target

> `averageValue` which indicates the number of events which can be handled per

Reviewer 2: is that really per pod or per the whole the stack? so if I have 2 pods and average number goes beyond 30 then a pod is added. it means it is 30 per 2 pods.

Author: I guess this is how you define it. The autoscaler will always scale higher rather than lower. So if the averageTarget is 30 and you have 31 unconsumed events, it will scale to 2 pods, but it will not scale higher until 61 unconsumed events where it then needs 3 pods.
